Release notes 28 Apr 2026 (#380)
AdobeDocs/graphql-mesh-gateway: src/pages/mesh/release/index.md

aio plugins install @adobe/aio-cli-plugin-api-mesh
```

## April 28, 2026

This release contains the following changes to API Mesh:

### Bug fixes

> - Resolved an issue in local development environments that occurred when a secret's value is a JSON object string, using `{context.secrets.TOKEN}` directly in `operationHeaders` would not resolve correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue affecting local development where secrets containing JSON object values could not be resolved when referenced directly in `operationHeaders` (for example, `{context.secrets.TOKEN}`). This reference now resolves correctly. <!--CEXT-6008-->
```

Reviewer: This is the release note generated by [GitHub against the code PR](https://github.com/copilot/c/62da2c56-73d2-417e-9984-df8abbb703ab). It makes a lot more sense on why it matters.

Bug Fix: Local Secrets Now Support JSON-Encoded Values

The local `aio api-mesh run` command now properly handles JSON-encoded secret values in the same way the deployed tenant worker does. Previously, string values like TOKEN: '{"COMMERCE": "dummy-value"}' in secrets.yaml were not parsed, causing nested secret access paths to fail. This has been fixed—the CLI now automatically JSON-parses string values in secrets, allowing paths like context.secrets.TOKEN.COMMERCE to resolve correctly both locally and in production.
